,"Like any Barnes & Noble, it has a nice comfy cafe, and a large selection of books.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  They stock a decent selection, and the prices are pretty reasonable.  Obviously it's hard for them to compete with Amazon.  However since all the small shop bookstores are gone, it's nice to walk into one every once in a while."
,"Meh, I've experienced better is an understatement.\n\nFriday's is like the \""fine dining chain\"" for every yinzer in Pittsburgh...\n\n1.  When we were seated, it was quick which was a surprise.  Somehow this restaurant gets packed and I never understand why.  I was happy about that.\n2.  I ordered one of their \""skinny margaritas\"", blackberry to be exact.  It was a nice size, however, at $6.00/pop, that was half of my food bill.\n3.  The waitress started off attentive, but after our food came out she was gone.  I ordered a turkey burger with pickle and mustard.  Loaded mashed potato on the side because I wanted heartburn ha!\n4.  Food came.  My burger had lettuce on it only.  Waitress was supposed to go and get our next round of drinks.  I had to wait to ask for my pickle.\n5.  The loaded potatoes were more like rubber than potatoes and not what I was expecting.  Disappointment.\n6.  The waitress then went into oblivion and only returned with our check.  \n\nNever again will I eat at Friday's.  I will, however, go should a happy hour arise..."
,"Unos has been around for ever, & I feel like this restaurant chain peak in popularity in the 80's. Honestly the decor inside still kind of looks 80s to me even though its nice with sleek booth and exposed brick.\n\nIf you haven't died and he recently I ordered you to come back and have a meal here again because honestly the food is really quite good!\n\nThey have the best chicken salad wrap ever! I love that rap so much I want agreed to walk the south side River Trail from where the Steelers practice all the way to the damn waterfront just because I knew that I could convince my boyfriend to go to Unos with me for lunch.  Full disclosure:  I made him call is a cab and we took a taxi back to the parking lot after lunch.\n\nListen... The food and pizza and service are very good, surprisingly so! I don't know why this place is not busier but next time you're down at the Waterfront please do consider dining here!"
,"Stars are for the food only.    2.5 rating\n\nGot there at 8pm on Saturday night, they told us it was an hour wait which was expected, but it only took 30minutes to be seated so that was a bonus.  Started off with the lettuce wraps and i used to be a fan of these but they just seem to bore me now(FYI-love the lettuce wraps at the cheesecake factory).  I had the Singapore rice noodles.  This was so so as i thought immediately that lu lu noodles and asian cafe are better.  The fried rice was disappointing and the vegetables tasted raw.   Some good notes were the Dynamite shrimp, plump, juicy, tangy with a small kick.    Sweet and sour chicken was just the same minus the kick. \n\nThe service was annoying.   We were there less than 45 minutes and it seemed like our waiter was in a rush to get us out of there.   Constantly asking if he could remove my plate.  I had to sternly say at one point that I will let you know when i am finished.  I found it rude especially since  there wasn't even a line at this point.  \n\nI think we will travel elsewhere following a movie.  The result never quite met the anticipation."
,"Our last few visits have left something to desire, One of the things I always notice is the demeanor of an establishments employees. These people look miserable, no one smiles or greets you appropriately, it's more like get in, get out, turn the tables,\n\nThe food has remained consistently good... when we can order it. the last time JB and I came for a quick dinner, the place was not busy yet we were passed by 6 frowning waitstaff without getting drinks... for 15 minutes we were left suiting at our table with our menus closed and sitting on the edge of the table (HINT, HINT) so we left and most likely will not be returning."
,Good quality pork fried dumpling and mongo beef.  Bar service was fast and Efficent.   Good value.  Not a 5 cause dragon eye tea was cold first time around and beef had minor amount of fat.   Fortune was even Postive!
,"Very bad purchase experience. I bought a shirt with a hole covered in the rolled up sleeves, but they denied my request to return it. I am so angery at this and will never shop their chothes anymore."
,"When I think BBB... I think the days of simply bringing your bike in for a quick and relatively inexpensive tune-up and a few fixes are long gone.    \n\nThis review is more for the repair end of BBB. In their defense BBB does appear to carry some amazing brands of bike (ie Colnago) that you just don't find anywhere else in Pittsburgh. \n\nAt BBB I was charged $250 for a tune up and a few other things. Granted this included installing a sew up tire (which I can understand would cost approx $50), Swapping out a left side (big ring) shifter on my down tube (this should have cost approx. $20 at most) and installing new bar tape (cost of tape $20 and $20 to install?).. SO WHAT\""S WITH $140 FOR A TUNE UP? Well the story goes like this:\n\nI bring the bike into BBB prior to the nice weather hitting Pittsburgh in hopes of trying what people have said is a great bike shop and getting my OCLV TREK 5900 ready for the season. Turns out I don't hear from these guys. A week goes by ...two weeks...I think that's ok I have two or three other bike I can turn to for a ride. Then I wind up going out of town for a week thinking for sure I'll get a call from them re: my bike is ready to roll...but no dice. So I call. Turns out a screw snapped when the mechanic was re-installing the down tube shifter and it had to be tapped out (is that my fault?). He says \""Should be ready in a few days\"". So I come in a few days later to this mammoth bill. I ask if I am paying for the labor of taping out the screw? I don't think I ever got a straight answer? I look at the bill and can't see a good breakdown of the charges. Normally I would \""duke it over\"" a bill like this but I figured...I had somewhere I to be 10 minutes ago and at least I finally have my bike. I would expect that for that money my bike could have been stripped down to the frame and totally gone over (overhauled). But it wasn't.  Well BBB I'll give you a star because the mechanic did do a good job in that my cycle shifts well and the tape job on the bars looks great (nice wrap). Plus I'll toss in a star for your outstanding selection of high end cycles. Maybe I would have rated BBB higher if I was in the market for a purchase instead of a simple repair?"
,My orders have come out bad pretty much every time I have ordered from here. The chicken nuggets come out under par. I'm lucky if the fries come out right. My last experience is the last straw. I recently posted a photo of my Chicken Ranch Club. That has no chicken. This is ridiculous. I am done going to this Mcd's.

